chore: update migration guide, Angular and React example apps on how to use  FirebaseUI v7 without `fetchSignInMethodsForEmail()` (#1335)
firebase/firebaseui-web: MIGRATION.md

**Note:** If a merge conflict occurs and the linking fails (e.g., due to account linking restrictions), Firebase Auth will throw an error that you can handle in your error handling logic. The `onUpgrade` callback will only be called if the upgrade is successful.

---

## Handling sign-in provider mismatch: `fetchSignInMethodsForEmail` deprecation

### Background

A common UX pain point occurs when a user:

1. Signs in for the first time with an OAuth provider (e.g. Google)
2. Signs out and later returns to the app
3. Mistakenly tries to sign in with their email address and a password

Firebase Auth returns a generic `auth/invalid-credential` error (or the legacy `auth/wrong-password`). Without additional context, the user has no idea they already have an account linked to a different provider.

**In v6**, FirebaseUI worked around this by calling `fetchSignInMethodsForEmail()` behind the scenes. When a credential error occurred, it fetched the providers for that email and presented the user with the appropriate sign-in method.

> **In v7**, `fetchSignInMethodsForEmail()` has been deprecated by Firebase and is no longer called. Google deprecated this method because returning which providers are associated with an email address is a potential privacy and security risk — it allows an unauthenticated caller to enumerate which accounts (and therefore which email addresses) exist in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In v7**, `fetchSignInMethodsForEmail()` is no longer called because Firebase projects now have [email enumeration protection](https://docs.cloud.google.com/identity-platform/docs/admin/email-enumeration-protection) enabled by default, and calls to `fetchSignInMethodsForEmail()` fail when email enumeration protection is enabled.
```
